# nosql-challenge
Brian Guenther

This is challenge assignment 12.  Working with document oriented Database software MongoDB.  The assignment consists of two parts:  (A) the creation of the initial database related to United Kingdom restaurant reviews and (B) analysis of that data.

  I was able to complete the first part based on the examples and assignments covered during class time.  I did convert latitude and longitude to decimal instead of a Double because I initially thought that Double would round the result after the 2nd decimal(it does not).  Through discussion with a tutor and guidance to the documentation, I learned that Decimal is not a native type in MongoDB.  This is why although $toDecimal did convert the object to a decimal number did not result in simply removing the single quote to indicate this as I expected.  Instead the print command show that MongoDB considers everything inside of the following parentheses as a number and ignores the quotes.  I also tested using $toDouble and ended up with the same results in the analysis.

  In the second part (analysis), when working on Find the establishments with London as a Local Authority.  First I tried ‘LocalAuthorityName’: ‘London’ , which produced zero results found.  Looking at a document from the collection showed that ‘AddressLine2’ matched the city of the local authority.  When I searched ‘AddressLine2’: ‘London’, I found 157 documents and looking at the first document showed ‘City of London Corporation’ as the Local Authority.  However when I searched ‘LocalAuthorityName’” ‘City of London Corporation’, only 37 results were returned (note this was without the additional filter on rating value).  I took this to indicate that I might need to be using $regex, which also produced 37 results.  Suspect that ‘AddressLine2’ is not indicative of the LocalAuthorityName, not certain how to get more general than $regex, so I continued with this approach.  I do want to note the apparent discrepancy of 157 restaurants located in London and only 20% of those following under the London Local Authority.  One possiblity is that the 120 restuarants may be part of a chain adn the headquarters of the chain resides within a different Local Authority.  For part two, I was also able to complete based on the examples and assignments covered during class time. 



